---
dg-publish: true
---
Emotions. There are hundreds, if not thousands of complex emotions. However, in spite of that, the majority of emotions resonant with some combination of the 7 deadly sins, and their *inverts*:

1. ***Pride*** 
2. ***Gloom***
3. ***Gluttony***
4. ***Lust***
5. ***Envy***
6. ***Wrath***
7. ***Sloth***

*Love* is an application of *lust*, and fragments of gluttony for intensity. *Disgust* is the *invert* of envy, with wrath often involved.

## Using Emotions
As per [[001. Resolution]], every action's skill modifier is determined by your current *emotion level*.

For each of your emotions, you have a *resonance limit* and a *resonance minimum*. The *limit* can be exceeded, but for every time you roll *over* your limit, you risk suffering *Thema Convergence* (aka transformation into a nightmare-like entity). Likewise, you can set a *minimum* to your emotions while transformed. 

Remember, the *higher* your resonance, the more *powerful* you are at using those spells. 


**Baseline Resonance:**
- *Limit*: 30
- *Minimum:* 0

>[!question] Where do I apply emotions? What about rolling for con/int/wis, etc?
>Every emotion ties to *how a magical girl is feeling* and *extruding those emotions*. Gloom for the pain you feel. Wrath for the revenge and hatred. Lust for the growth of your ideas. Emotions can only be rolled or used if *you feel those emotions*. And genuinely. 
>
>---
>Magical girls are also pretty intelligent. Most will have a college-level education, do muscle training, et cetera. Part of the job. They're also magically enhanced. Most bumps and bruises, common questions like basic trig or history are automatically answered. However, once more- *magic is the answer*. If you need *history*, cast a *gluttony* resonance spell to guide your curiosity. If you need to *charm* someone into giving you a discount, use a *lust* resonance spell. If you need to *endure continuously*, nothing can beat *sloth* for staying still and ignoring everything. All you need to remember is: **Whenever you cast, use the most obvious emotion for the task.**

---
## Using Emotions
*Falling deeper into your emotions is power unto itself.*

Your emotions are ||**absolute**||. The higher they resonant, they greater they draw from the origins of magic. 

Every spell has a *emotional toll*, or simply a *toll*. Whenever you cast a spell, *increase your resonance with that emotion* by the toll.
>[!info]+ Spells and their effects
>The following example figure has been provided to display the changes between spells. These do not reflect actual spells, but do reflect the exponential nature of spells, and their volatility.
>>[!multi-column]
>>
>>>[!tip]+ Low Resonance Spells
>>>**Emotional Toll:** Low, fixed resonance 
>>>	(*Resonance 3, etc.*)
>>>**Example Output (offense):** d4+2
>>
>>>[!tip]+ Medium Resonance Spells
>>>**Emotional Toll:** Fixed + probabilistic resonance (*Resonance 3+d6, etc.*)
>>>**Example Output (offense):** 10
>>
>>>[!tip]+ High Resonance Spells
>>>**Emotional Toll:** Probabilistic resonance (*Resonance 2d10, etc.*)
>>>**Example Output (offense):** 24

>[!danger]
>Remember, emotions are **absolute**. *Purest joy* is equal to *purest gloom*. Humility and pride. Goodwill and wrath. **Hope and despair**. Check [[021. Invert Emotions]] for more information on how to utilize the absolute properties of emotions once you have completed Quiz *OB-01-T1*.

> [!info]
> For MAGI who have submitted their Quiz *[[ST-01-T1]]*, feel free to access [[AD-003. Spell Pricing]] for more information on the exact mechanics behind the "cost" of spells. Furthermore, if you wish to inform yourself about more complex and *restricted* emotional matrices, complete Quiz *[[ST-01-T3]]* to gain access to [[022. Nonstandard Emotions]].

---

<- [[001. Resolution]]
[[003. Casting Spells]] ->
<<- [[000. MAGICORPS HOME |Return to Home]]
